discreet marked by prudence or modesty and wise self-restrain.
discrete individually seperate and distinct
speech sounds are produced as a continuous signal rather than discrete units.
distraught very worried and upset
a distraught woman sobbed and cried for help.
piety,pious :marked by or showing reverence for deity and devotion to divine worship
liberally : in a generous manner
slander words falsely spoken that damage the reputation of another.
speculative not based on fact or investigation.
comprehensive
1.including all or everything;2.broad in scope
discourse a long talk or piece of writing about a subject.
faculty 1.an inherent capability, power, or function<faculty of hearing>
coercion the act of compelling by force of authority
flaunt he flaunt his new sports car.
herein the author herein reaccounts his travel adventures.
you lot think you're smart, don't you.
an unshakable belief in something without need for proof.
remember how i told you about his character and conviction, his decency and grace, the traits that we've seen every day that he's served our country in the White House.
decency
the quality of conforming to rules of propriety and morality.
grace : a disposition  to kindness and compassion.
how we insist that the hateful language they hear from the pulic figures on TV doesn't represent the true spirit of our country.
how we explain that when someone is cruel and acts like a bully, we don't stoop to their level.
with every word we utter, every action we take, we know our kids are watching us.
straight from horse's mouth into the notebook.
incubatorm
she was frantic with worry.
he runs away from this view because he is afraid of falling into a bottomless pit of nonsense.
genius : exceptional intellectual or creative power or other natural  ability.
she was a teacher of genius.
meticulous,fastidious,scrupulous,conscientious, 
vicious, perverse, savage, ferocious, vile, monstrous
acrid,stinging,  they invited all their kith and kin to their new home.
inflate, cavity, pneumatic
pneumatic[of a woman having large brests]
lee and his pneumatic wife.
the joy of returning to kith and kin was greater than all her former joys.
conscription[compulsory enlistment for state service, typically into the armed forces.]
all adult male will be liable for conscription.
avow[assert or confess openly]
he avowed that he had voted Republican every election.
tangle[a confused mass of something twisted together]
a tangle of golden hair.
but i am slow-thinking and full of interior rules that act as brakes on my desires, and i knew that first i had to get myself definitely out of that tangle back home.
i'd like to know the meaning of 'tangle back home' in this excerpt from chapter three of the great gatsby.
perspiration[salty fluid secreted by sweet gland.]
well off[wealthy]
her family are quite well off.
insolent
insolent behavior will not be tolerated.
swine, hog, pig
he demonstrates his proficiency in chinese.
you can contrive to wheedle your way onto a court.
devotion[a state of being dedicated and loyal]
people with money are often content with the status quo.
she felt sick with apprehension
repugance[intense disgust]
exhort [strongly encourage or urge someone to do something]
beyond my ken.
hold the fort[take responsibility for a situation while anthor person is temporarily absent.]
carnation[/kangnaixi/]
lilacs
to dwell even fitfully on the past, for James, was to risk crippling nostalgia; the past was the shadow side of will and therefore must be rejected.
obstinate
adulation[obsequious flattery;]
sick to death of flattery[excessive or insincere praise]
the test of a first-rate intelligence is the ability to hold two opposed ideas in the mind at the same time, and still retain the ability to function.
the test of the fist-rate intelligence 
\Device\ TransportBindName
receive, deceive, conceive : have the idea for 
shrewd 1 : having or showing sharp powers of judgement; astute.
She was shrewd enough to guess the motive behind his gesture.
2' archaic (especially of weather) piercingly cold
His brother, who works at the supermarket, is a friend of mine.
He has only one brother, and that brother works at the supermarket.
His brother who works at the supermarket is a friend of mine.
He has more than one brother. The one I’m talking about works at the supermarket.
It’s hoped that we will raise £10,000 for local charities, which help the homeless.
The money is intended for local charities. All these local charities help the homeless.
It’s hoped that we will raise £10,000 for local charities which help the homeless.
The money is intended for local charities. Some of these local charities help the homeless. There are other local charities as well as these.
Flexible Pulse Oximeter
flexible and wearable oxygen saturation
this method is inconvenient for long-term monitoring.
it offers flexibility for measuring PPG signal from different locations on the body that makes it more suitable for the non-invasive wearable.
small, long-lasting, and cheap pulse
oximeters suitable for many novel and exciting portable or
wearable medical applications
The use of a submicron technology (we used
1.5 m) could yield improvements as well
By adhering the
sensor closely to the skin and letting it flex and move with the
skin, the noise from ambient light can be reduced as well as
the impact of motion artifacts

pertinent
1. having precise or logical relevance to the matter at hand
'a list of articles pertinent to the discussion.'

beneficent
1.doing or producing good
the most beneficent regime in history.
2.generous in assistance to the poor
a beneficent contributor
He who is a stranger to these sensations has never really enjoyed cool repose at the side of a fountain after the fatigure of a weary summer day.
He who is a stranger ot these sensations has never really enjoyed cool repose at the side of a fountain after the fatigure of a weary summer day.
My dear friend, I beseech you, for the love of God, relieve me from such a yoke. I need no more to be guided, agitated, heated. My heart ferments sufficiently of itself.
famished - extremely hungry
sublimity, statue : a sculpture representing a human or animal
stately : 
plump : sufficiently fat so as to have a pleasing fullness of figure
gurgle : the bubbling sound of water flowing from a bottle with a narrow neck
equine : resembling a horse
in passing : briefly and casually
but now all the physical strain was claiming its due, and at just the wrong time.
flake : a small fragment of something broken off from the whole
fleeting : lasting for a markedly brief time
melancholy : a feeling of pensive sadness, typically with no obvious cause.
Once again K stopped, as if standing still improved his power of judgement.
distracted : having the attention diverted espcially because of anxiety.
parapet : a low, protective wall along the edge of a roof, bridge or balcony
prop : support by placing against something solid and rigid.
jejune : (of ideas and writings) dry and uninteresting
the poem seems to me rather jejune
digress : leave the main subject temporarily in speech or writing.
daunting : discourage through fear.
perilous : full of danger or risk
malnutrition : lack of enough nutrition, caused by not having enough to eat, not eating enough of right things, or being unable to use the food that one does eat.
mineral : a solid, naturally occuring inorganic substance
nutrient : a substance that provide nourishment essential for growth and the maintenance of life.
romp : (especially of a child or animal) play roughly and energetically
the noisy pack of children romp around the garden.
buxom (of a woman) plump, with a full figure and large breasts
trough : a long, narrow open container  for animals to eat or drink out of
translucent : (of a substance) allowing light, but not detailed shapes, to pass through: semi-transprent.
turf : grass and the surface layer of earth held toghter by its root.
2 an area or sphere of activity regarded as someone's territory.
orchard : a piece of enclosed land planted with fruit trees.
hallmark : a distinctive feature.
habitat : the natural home or environment of an animal, plant or other organism.
insomania : habitual sleeplessness; inability to sleep
inextricable : in a way that is impossible to disentangle or separate.
conspiracy : a secret plan by a group to do something unlawful and harmful.
mirage : an unrealistic hope or wish that can not be achieved.
strenuous : requiring or using great effort or exertion
exertion : mental or physical effort
imperative : of great importance, crucial.
acquiesce : accepte something reluctantly but without protest
correspondence : communication by exchanging letters or e-mail; also the letters of e-mails exchanged. I have a pile correspondence on my desk.





















